Hello and welcome back to the course on algorithmic training for beginners in this quick tutorial I
would like to show you where you can download the source codes for these tutorials.
So in this course of what we'll be doing is coding quite a bit for the foreign exchange market.
And when we're coding you can always refer to the materials which show you know to download the source
codes and basically copy them off my web site.
If you are running into any difficulties or if you need them to compare something or you know just play
around with them.
So here's the Web site and to get the source code you need to go to w w w dot for Expo dot com slash
source so s o u r c.
And here if you scroll down you'll find.
First of all of course as a disclaimer so make sure you agree to this disclaimer before proceeding and
that you agree that all of these are source codes and any other materials that you're downloading with
this course are exclusively for educational purposes.
And once or if you agree to the disclaimer if you scroll down you will see the links to the source code.
So here is a table and it's broken down into sections just like in the course and you can select the
tutorial that you're going through and just proceed to that tutorial by clicking the link.
So once you click the link the page and your page will pop up.
And here you have a code for this tutorial so you can just click here.
And in this mini You can just select this button and now you can just control C and control V and you'll
have the source code you can paste it wherever you like.
So that's the source code that's an example.
Another thing I wanted to show you is that as you proceed through the course and you move onto the more
advanced sections you will find that for some tutorials there are actually two source codes and that
is because there is one for the four digit broker.
So if you're using a four digit broker then this is the source code.
If using a five digit broker then this is the source code.
And in the tutorials you will find that we're using a four digit account.
But at the same time you might be using a 5 digit account.
Most likely are because since I've recorded these tutorials most brokers have now moved on to five digit
accounts.
So if something is not exactly working out then just make sure to check the source code.
And if you see that there's a code for five digit brokers then you'll be able to download it here and
has the required Corrections they're not complicated at all and they are comments in the code explaining
those corrections.
Also finally you'll see that in some of the source codes there's actually a video so the same video
you'll see in the tutorial it's also present on this Web site.
Well these are just preview videos of the course.
So not every single video is available like this on the web site only a couple and that is just for
students who are considering taking this course so they can have a preview of the course the full course
and all of the videos that are present in the course are only available to those of you who have actually
enrolled in this course and hence you are watching this video right now.
OK so that's where you get the source codes.
One more thing I wanted to mention before we conclude this tutorial is that make sure to watch these
tutorials in HD so on your player there is a button to switch to HD mode because we will be coding and
the code can be a bit small sometimes in order to increase the visibility.
And for you to see things much clearer just make sure you're watching in the highest resolution possible.
And that's all for today.
I look forward to seeing you on the next tutorial.
And until then happy coding.